-jonwayne- human condition-rapalbum two(startet with circuitbending beats)
the first three rows are about the human being.
where the mind represents the first world we own.
the world of mind and reason.

after that wayne describes how the world was constructed
from environment to land from land to world(disc) to world (shpere) 
from world(sphere) to part of a solar system
 form system to systems(part of the universe(infinity)

after making the point wayne explaines that this all what we see for a fact 
is only our thinking.
 we could say "i think(believe)therefore it is"

this whole thing builds an oroborus but in the 1970 something crazy happened to that oroborus
it got interrupted/mirrored/liked with its mirror.

that mirror image of the oroborus of the infinite circle of conciousness(i think therefore it is)
 
got mirrored by the internet the internet expanded our universe squared.

our presence got mirrored by the web and the devices we are using.
we feed the web with tons of data, that data repesents us in the mirrorworld.

its like there is another you happening in the invisible world of the internet.
an you can kinda see that reflection in your phones.

that mirrorimage repesents you in the internet

that blackmirror you interacts with other mirror entities, but without being seen.
on this point i want to refer to the ring of gyges(plato)
the ring grants invibilily.
in the internet everybody has one gyges ring. we can talk to others but we (usual user) cannot see where the person is
wether in the real as in the mirrorworld.

the gyges saga is the basis for the lord of the rings.

when you move the picture to movie then there are the naz gul
they can spot users of the gyges ring.
that is what the algorythms of the big data surveilance are doing.
they feed the information that our mirror images leave in the web to the big data, represented by the eye of sauron.

the eye of sauron is an abstract state. a program built to control in two ways.


first
filterbubbles. walls that minimalize our horizon leading us in circles just to keep us entertained.
basically the internet.notlooking at the dark deepweb.
we seem free in the www but we are sitting in a save space inside the walls of rome.
but walls close the horizon at their edge.

panem et circenses  how juvenal said.
it is  funny how close circenses stands to circles
so lets say the big data is trapping us in a world where we are well fed with panem(bread) and kept running in circles 

panem et circles

this whole thinking put in another perspective

panem et circles is the slogan of our western world wich we can compare to the roman empire we are all well fed.
living in a global village wich has one capital, just like in rome back in the days.

after the roman empire the dark ages broke over the world.

in total we are at the of the digital old roman age. where the katholic church is twisted with the web.

if the empire falls we are going to live in the digital dark age.
wich may fuck our live up

